2. Download and try to compile the file. Why doesn't it compile? I'm not just looking for which line(s) have the problem, but rather what is wrong with those line(s).
3. What is happening when onePlus() is called? In other words, what exactly does the function receive as an argument? Why isn't the value of the variable in main() altered?
4. Conversely, consider the call to refIncrement(). What is the argument here and why is the value of the variable in main() changed?
5. Finally, consider the code related to value(). First of all, make sure you understand what Pair is and what the declaration of pairs means.
6. Next, consider a call to value(). What does the function receive as an argument? What is the meaning of const in this context?
7. What does value() return? How can it be legal and what does it mean to apply the ++operator to its return value?

2. The error I get when trying to complile the code is a unitialized refrence 'int& xr'. The problem is a new int xr is being made as a refrence,
 but its not initialized to anything. A valid way of writing it could be int& xr = x. Refrences take the value of another peice of data, but under a different 
 name, so that means it must be tied to some exisiting peice of data to begin with.

3. onePlus() is receiveing a integer passed by value and will increment the value passed in by one, but not altering it it is only recieving a copy of the arguement. 
If it were a refrence, it would modify the value. 

4. refIncrement() is similar in functionality to onePlus(), but instead it is passed by refrence, hence changing the value stored. 

5. Pair is a struct which stores two peices of data: a string name and a integer val. The vector pairs stores Pair structs.

6. The function value() recieves a string as the arguement. The const will make sure the string will not be modified.

7.value() searches the vector and the value from the matching pair. Its legal because it returns a refrence to the value. The ++operator will modify the 
original pair.val and add one to it.
